-----
Well, in the beginning, the tariff on non-American sugar from the Caribbean
was beneficial only to the southern gulf-area sugar farmers...







.... an hour passes ....







... so in short, 802.11a wireless completely changed the face of how we 
think about orthagonal frequency-division multiplexing, and as a result...







.... another hour passes ....







... but in reality, the corn-based ethanol products actually consume more 
energy than they can produce, so it's a net-loss system that only serves 
to further beleaguer the already nutrient-poor soil...







.... another half hour passes .... 






... in conclusion, stay away from master mind flayers.
Thanks for listening!
-----
The American reliance on foreign-made products has caused an interesting 
trade deficit with south-east asian countries, as seen by an increasing 
number of electronic devices...







.... an hour passes ....







... so you should always use BGP routing and enterprise WPA2 on Cisco 
wireless devices for your home networks...







.... yet another hour passes ....







... but DEC's VAX-Cluster interconnect was really ahead of its time, dual-
paired to a beautiful 140mbit connection with link redundancy, all through
a star topology that...






.... you feel your hair graying ....







... in conclusion, don't get a close look at floating eyes. 
Thanks for listening!
-----
At RIT, we used to have a huge bank of dial-in modems that we could switch 
through, and all the clever students used this program I wrote to obtain 
terminal access to the VAXen, whereupon they could...






.... some time passes ....







... but when we were flying over the Himalayas, the beautiful but very thin 
air barely let us take off over this mile long stretch of runway...







.... an hour flies by ....







... luckily, I installed quite a few extra fiber bundles when we put in 
RESNET, so RIT had no problem expanding their network capacity going up 
to CSH and all of the other dorm closets, even with this recent 802.11n 
upgrade, where they put in a lot of new PoE switches in those closets and...






.... you feel as if you have not moved in hours ....






... in conclusion, you can wrest a single extra charge out of a used-up 
wand before it crumbles into dust. 
Thanks for taking the time to listen to me!
-----
